# data-mobilisation
This repository is intended to be a tool for capturing, discussing and managing the mobilization of potential datasets suitable for publishing to GBIF. The GBIF network actively strives to fill gaps in the open-access biodiversity data we provide, and in fact, it's part of our current [Strategic Plan for 2017 - 2021. ](http://www.gbif.org/sites/default/files/documents/Approved_Strategic_Plan_2017-2021.pdf) Users of our tools and services often have expert knowledge about given regions or taxa/species. We welcome your help in identifying other data sources capable of improving the quality, transparency and reproducibility of scientific research and policy supported by GBIF.

Potential datasets may already be online, for example, datasets deposited in an online repository as part of supplementary material of a journal paper. Others may be datasets generated as part of taxonomic research or biodiversity monitoring projects but are not being shared. In some cases the datasets may be offline, sitting on individual's or institutional hard disks or servers and could be lost forever if they're not rescued from the digital darkness.   

Please share what you know about datasets you'd like us to consider adding by logging them here. Only three fields, namely, title, geographic coverage and taxonomic scope are mandatory. Although all other fields are optional, please try and provide as much information as possible to facilitate follow-ups. 
  
In keeping with our commitment to openness, your submission will appear as a GitHub issue, where you and others interested in increasing open access to biodiversity data can follow and add to it. For our part, we will work with our network of members and publishers to contact the data holders and explore their interest in publishing their data through GBIF.org.

We plan to develop a workflow to ensure that what is reported here can be acted upon in a timely and orderly manner. Part of this process will involve designating labels or tags to help in sorting and assigning issues for action. The workflow should also include ways to avoid duplication of effort if more than one entity is interested in making follow-ups on a given dataset. We'll gladly appreciate if you can help us develop a management workflow.  
